README.md, before:

<img src="header.gif"/>

###

<!-- ![Hey there, I'm Ricardo and this is my header info as a Gif](header.gif) -->

# Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif), My name is Ricardo Esteves

## Software Engineer

> I'm a passionate software engineer from Portugal 🇵🇹, specializing in crafting delightful user experiences and building robust applications.

##

#### About Me

> - 🌍 I'm based in Lisbon.
> - 🖥️ See my portfolio at [coming soon!](https://#).
> - ✉️ You can contact me at [X(twitter)](https://twitter.com/RicardoGEsteves) or at [Dev](https://dev.to/ricardogesteves)
> - 🚀 I'm currently working on [AuthV5-Toolkit](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/AuthV5-Toolkit), enhancing user experiences with React, Next.js, and Node.js.
> - 🧠 I’m constantly learning and exploring new technologies to improve my skills.
> - 🤝 I'm open to collaborating on open-source projects and innovative applications.
> - ⚡ Check my repos and get to know a more of my journey and stack.
> - 💬 Ask me about JavaScript, TypeScript, React ecosystem, and building scalable web applications.

##

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=RicardoGEsteves&color=020617)

##

#### Skills & Technologies

> #### Frontend & UI
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/javascript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="JavaScript" /></a><a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/typescript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TypeScript" /></a><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="HTML5" /></a><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/css3-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="CSS3" /></a><a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/sass-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Sass" /></a></p>
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/react-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="React" /></a><a href="https://nextjs.org/docs" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/nextjs-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="NextJs" /></a><a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/gatsby-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Gatsby" /></a><a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/vuejs-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Vue" /></a><a href="https://nuxtjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/nuxtjs-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Nuxtjs" /></a><a href="https://redux.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/redux-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Redux" /></a><a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/tailwindcss-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TailwindCSS" /></a></p>
>
> Zustand | Tanstack/React Query | Tanstack/React-table | React Context API | React DOM | Payload CMS | OpenAI API | Replicate API | Axios | Stripe | Crisp | CSS Modules | Styled Components | StyleX | Shadcn-UI | Storybook | Framer Motion | GSAP | Three.js | WebGL | Webhooks | JWT | OAuth |

##

> #### Backend & Databases
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/csharp-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="C#" /></a><a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Python" /></a><a href="https://nodejs.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/nodejs-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="NodeJS" /></a></p>
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/dot-net-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt=".NET" /></a><a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/django-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Django" /></a><a href="https://expressjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/express-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Express" /></a><a href="https://graphql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/graphql-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="GraphQL" /></a></p>
>
> <P align="left"><a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mongodb-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="MongoDB" /></a><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/postgresql-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="PostgreSQL" /></a><a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mysql-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="MySQL" /></a><a href="https://supabase.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/supabase-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Supabase" /></a><a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/firebase-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Firebase" /></a><a href="https://appwrite.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/appwrite-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Appwrite" /></a><a href="https://laravel.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/laravel-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Laravel" /></a><a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/aws-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Amazon Web Services" /></a><a href="https://cloud.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/googlecloud-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Google Cloud" /></a></p>
>
> Prisma | Zod | trpc | REST API | Livekit | Socket.io | Server Actions | WebSockets | WebRTC | Ngrok | Svix |

##

> #### Additional Tools
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/git-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Git" /></a><a href="https://webpack.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/webpack-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Webpack" /></a><a href="https://vitejs.dev/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/vite-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Vite" /></a><a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/docker-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Docker" /></a><a href="https://www.heroku.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/heroku-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Heroku" /></a><a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/figma-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Figma" /></a><a href="https://www.sketch.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/sketch-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Sketch" /></a><a href="https://apple.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/macos-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="MacOS" /></a><a href="https://www.linux.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/linux-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Linux" /></a></p>
>
> Vercel | Netlify | Fly.io |

##

> #### Testing
>
> Jest | Testing Library | Cypress | Playwright | React Testing Library | Storybook |

##

#### 💼 Experience

> "I've engaged in a diverse spectrum of projects, spanning from fundamental landing pages to intricate full-stack endeavors encompassing robust features such as authentication, authorization, validation, continuous integration, and continuous delivery. Throughout, I maintain an ongoing pursuit of novel technologies while upholding a commitment to achieving excellence."

##

#### Projects & Contributions

> ##### Latest Projects
>
> - [Storyscape](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/Storyscape) - Storyscape leverages cutting-edge technologies to provide users with an immersive social media experience. By utilizing TypeScript, React, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and other advanced tools, Storyscape aims to redefine user interaction with content, fostering meaningful connections within a vibrant online community.
> - [SpreadIt](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/SpreadIt) - SpreadIt is a dynamic social news aggregation platform powered by robust backend technologies and a user-friendly interface. It employs modern web development frameworks and scalable architecture to enable seamless content submission, sharing, and voting across various formats (articles, images, videos).
> - [S3MER](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/s3mer) - S3MER is a full stack dynamic live streaming platform, customizable features, multi-platform integration, and a developer-friendly API.
> - [Intertwine](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/Intertwine) - This is an instant messaging and VoIP social platform which allows communication through voice calls, video calls, text messaging, and media and files. Communication can be private or take place in virtual communities called "servers".
> - [SprintEase](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/SprintEase) - B2B SaaS (Business to Business Software as a Service) Flexible work management tool for agile development.
> - [Omniscient](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/omniscient) - Fullstack Software as a Service(SaaS) AI Platform.
> - [Digital Marketplace](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/next-digital-marketplace) - Digital marketplace app (e-commerce platform).
> - [Bookings Manager](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/booking-manager) - Booking manager app, optimized with composition, context, compound components pattern for internal companies management.

##

#### 🚀 How I Work

> I'm dedicated to writing clean, efficient code and leveraging the latest technologies to create seamless solutions. I value collaboration, open-source contributions, and continuous learning.

##

#### Socials

 <p align="left"> <a href="https://www.github.com/RicardoGEsteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a><a href="https://www.x.com/RicardoGEsteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.dev.to/ricardogesteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/devdotto-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/devdotto.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/devdotto.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ricardogesteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a></p>
 <p align="left"><a href="https://www.github.com/RicardoGEsteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/RicardoGEsteves?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=3382ed&labelColor=181824" /></a></p>

##

<b>My GitHub Stats</b>

<a href="http://www.github.com/RicardoGEsteves"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RicardoGEsteves&show_icons=true&hide=&count_private=true&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&show_icons=true" alt="RicardoGEsteves's GitHub stats" /></a>

<a href="http://www.github.com/RicardoGEsteves"><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=RicardoGEsteves&stroke=ffffff&background=181824&ring=3382ed&fire=3382ed&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=3382ed&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" /></a>

##

<b>Top Repositories</b>

<div width="100%" align="center"><a href="https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/SpreadIt" align="left"><img align="left" width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=RicardoGEsteves&repo=SpreadIt&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&locale=en" /></a><a href="https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/s3mer" align="right"><img align="right" width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=RicardoGEsteves&repo=s3mer&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&locale=en" /></a></div><br><br><br><br><br><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<div width="100%" align="center"><a href="https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/Intertwine" align="left"><img align="left" width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=RicardoGEsteves&repo=Intertwine&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&locale=en" /></a><a href="https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/SprintEase" align="right"><img align="right" width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=RicardoGEsteves&repo=SprintEase&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&locale=en" /></a></div><br><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

##

#### 🌟 Let's Collaborate!

> I'm actively seeking exciting opportunities to contribute to meaningful projects and collaborate with passionate developers. Feel free to explore my work here on GitHub, and let's connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ricardogesteves/) or [X(twitter)](https://twitter.com/RicardoGEsteves) to discuss potential collaborations!
>
> Looking forward to making impactful contributions together! 😊✨

###

![Visitor Count](https://profile-counter.glitch.me/RicardoGEsteves/count.svg)

Commit message:

docs: :memo: Update Readme Content
- Fix technology typo.
- Add Dev and StackShare.
- Add latest projects description.

Update content.

README.md, after:

<img src="header.gif"/>

###

<!-- ![Hey there, I'm Ricardo and this is my header info as a Gif](header.gif) -->

# Hi ![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18350557/176309783-0785949b-9127-417c-8b55-ab5a4333674e.gif), My name is Ricardo Esteves

## Software Engineer

> I'm a passionate software engineer from Portugal 🇵🇹, specializing in crafting delightful user experiences and building robust applications.

##

#### About Me

> - 🌍 I'm based in Lisbon.
> - 🖥️ See my portfolio at [coming soon!](https://#).
> - ✉️ You can contact me at [X(twitter)](https://twitter.com/RicardoGEsteves) or at [Dev](https://dev.to/ricardogesteves)
> - 🚀 I'm currently working on [AuthV5-Toolkit](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/AuthV5-Toolkit), enhancing user experiences with React, Next.js, and Node.js.
> - 🧠 I’m constantly learning and exploring new technologies to improve my skills.
> - 🤝 I'm open to collaborating on open-source projects and innovative applications.
> - ⚡ Check my repos and get to know a more of my journey and stack.
> - 💬 Ask me about JavaScript, TypeScript, React ecosystem, and building scalable web applications.

##

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=RicardoGEsteves&color=020617)

##

#### Skills & Technologies

> #### Frontend & UI
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/javascript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="JavaScript" /></a><a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/typescript-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TypeScript" /></a><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/HTML5" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/html5-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="HTML5" /></a><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/CSS/#css" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/css3-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="CSS3" /></a><a href="https://sass-lang.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/sass-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Sass" /></a></p>
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://reactjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/react-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="React" /></a><a href="https://nextjs.org/docs" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/nextjs-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="NextJs" /></a><a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/gatsby-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Gatsby" /></a><a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/vuejs-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Vue" /></a><a href="https://nuxtjs.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/nuxtjs-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Nuxtjs" /></a><a href="https://redux.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/redux-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Redux" /></a><a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/tailwindcss-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="TailwindCSS" /></a></p>
>
> Zustand | Tanstack/React Query | Tanstack/React-table | React Context API | React DOM | Payload CMS | OpenAI API | Replicate API | Axios | Stripe | Crisp | CSS Modules | Styled Components | StyleX | Shadcn-UI | Storybook | Framer Motion | GSAP | Three.js | WebGL | Webhooks | JWT | OAuth |

##

> #### Backend & Databases
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/csharp-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="C#" /></a><a href="https://www.python.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/python-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Python" /></a><a href="https://nodejs.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/nodejs-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="NodeJS" /></a></p>
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/dot-net-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt=".NET" /></a><a href="https://www.djangoproject.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/django-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Django" /></a><a href="https://expressjs.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/express-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Express" /></a><a href="https://graphql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/graphql-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="GraphQL" /></a></p>
>
> <P align="left"><a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mongodb-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="MongoDB" /></a><a href="https://www.postgresql.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/postgresql-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="PostgreSQL" /></a><a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/mysql-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="MySQL" /></a><a href="https://supabase.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/supabase-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Supabase" /></a><a href="https://firebase.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/firebase-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Firebase" /></a><a href="https://appwrite.io/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/appwrite-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Appwrite" /></a><a href="https://laravel.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/laravel-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Laravel" /></a><a href="https://aws.amazon.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/aws-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Amazon Web Services" /></a><a href="https://cloud.google.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/googlecloud-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Google Cloud" /></a></p>
>
> Prisma | Zod | tRPC | REST API | Livekit | Socket.io | Server Actions | WebSockets | WebRTC | Ngrok | Svix |

##

> #### Additional Tools
>
> <p align="left"><a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/git-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Git" /></a><a href="https://webpack.js.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/webpack-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Webpack" /></a><a href="https://vitejs.dev/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/vite-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Vite" /></a><a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/docker-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Docker" /></a><a href="https://www.heroku.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/heroku-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Heroku" /></a><a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/figma-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Figma" /></a><a href="https://www.sketch.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/sketch-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Sketch" /></a><a href="https://apple.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/macos-colored-dark.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="MacOS" /></a><a href="https://www.linux.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/linux-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Linux" /></a></p>
>
> Vercel | Netlify | Fly.io |

##

> #### Testing
>
> Jest | Testing Library | Cypress | Playwright | React Testing Library | Storybook |

##

#### 💼 Experience

> "I've engaged in a diverse spectrum of projects, spanning from fundamental landing pages to intricate full-stack endeavors encompassing robust features such as authentication, authorization, validation, continuous integration, and continuous delivery. Throughout, I maintain an ongoing pursuit of novel technologies while upholding a commitment to achieving excellence."

##

#### Projects & Contributions

> ##### Latest Projects
>
> - [Storyscape](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/Storyscape) - Storyscape leverages cutting-edge technologies to provide users with an immersive social media experience. By utilizing TypeScript, React, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, and other advanced tools, Storyscape aims to redefine user interaction with content, fostering meaningful connections within a vibrant online community.
> - [SpreadIt](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/SpreadIt) - SpreadIt is a dynamic social news aggregation platform powered by robust backend technologies and a user-friendly interface. It employs modern web development frameworks and scalable architecture to enable seamless content submission, sharing, and voting across various formats (articles, images, videos).
> - [S3MER](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/s3mer) - S3MER is a full-stack dynamic live streaming platform, with customizable features, multi-platform integration, and a developer-friendly API.
> - [Intertwine](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/Intertwine) - This is an instant messaging and VoIP social platform which allows communication through voice calls, video calls, text messaging, and media and files. Communication can be private or take place in virtual communities called "servers".
> - [SprintEase](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/SprintEase) - B2B SaaS (Business to Business Software as a Service) Flexible work management tool for agile development.
> - [Omniscient](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/omniscient) - Cutting-edge Full-stack AI Platform delivered as a SaaS (Software as a Service). Built on a robust technology stack, integrated with powerful APIs such as OpenAI and Replicate, offers a seamless experience for code generation, conversation simulation, image creation, music composition, and video generation.
> - [Digital Marketplace](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/next-digital-marketplace) - Digital Marketplace is a sophisticated full-stack e-commerce platform designed to deliver a seamless shopping experience for users. It incorporates cutting-edge technologies and frameworks to ensure robustness, efficiency, and scalability.
> - [Bookings Manager](https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/booking-manager) - Bookings Manager is a comprehensive React application designed for internal booking management, featuring an intuitive dashboard and a plethora of functionalities. It's optimized using composition, context, and the compound components pattern to deliver an efficient and scalable solution.

##

#### 🚀 How I Work

> I'm dedicated to writing clean, efficient code and leveraging the latest technologies to create seamless solutions. I value collaboration, open-source contributions, and continuous learning.

##

#### Socials

 <p align="left"> <a href="https://www.github.com/RicardoGEsteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/github.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a><a href="https://www.x.com/RicardoGEsteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/twitter.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.dev.to/ricardogesteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/devdotto-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/devdotto.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/devdotto.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ricardogesteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <picture> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin-dark.svg" /> <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" /> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/socials/linkedin.svg" width="32" height="32" /> </picture> </a></p>
 <p align="left"><a href="https://www.github.com/RicardoGEsteves" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/RicardoGEsteves?logo=github&style=for-the-badge&color=3382ed&labelColor=181824" /></a></p>

##

<b>My GitHub Stats</b>

<a href="http://www.github.com/RicardoGEsteves"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RicardoGEsteves&show_icons=true&hide=&count_private=true&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&show_icons=true" alt="RicardoGEsteves's GitHub stats" /></a>

<a href="http://www.github.com/RicardoGEsteves"><img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=RicardoGEsteves&stroke=ffffff&background=181824&ring=3382ed&fire=3382ed&currStreakNum=ffffff&currStreakLabel=3382ed&sideNums=ffffff&sideLabels=ffffff&dates=ffffff&hide_border=true" /></a>

##

<b>Top Repositories</b>

<div width="100%" align="center"><a href="https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/SpreadIt" align="left"><img align="left" width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=RicardoGEsteves&repo=SpreadIt&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&locale=en" /></a><a href="https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/s3mer" align="right"><img align="right" width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=RicardoGEsteves&repo=s3mer&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&locale=en" /></a></div><br><br><br><br><br><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<div width="100%" align="center"><a href="https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/Intertwine" align="left"><img align="left" width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=RicardoGEsteves&repo=Intertwine&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&locale=en" /></a><a href="https://github.com/RicardoGEsteves/SprintEase" align="right"><img align="right" width="45%" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=RicardoGEsteves&repo=SprintEase&title_color=3382ed&text_color=ffffff&icon_color=3382ed&bg_color=181824&hide_border=true&locale=en" /></a></div><br><br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

##

#### 🌟 Let's Collaborate!

> I'm actively seeking exciting opportunities to contribute to meaningful projects and collaborate with passionate developers. Feel free to explore my work here on GitHub, and let's connect on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ricardogesteves/) or [X(twitter)](https://twitter.com/RicardoGEsteves) to discuss potential collaborations!
> Also check my profile and contributions on [Dev](https://dev.to/ricardogesteves) and my [StackShare](https://stackshare.io/RicardoGEsteves/latest).
>
> Looking forward to making impactful contributions together! 😊✨

###

![Visitor Count](https://profile-counter.glitch.me/RicardoGEsteves/count.svg)
